[music playing]
Man, there's just so much to
do to prepare for this wedding.
I still have to get flowers,
hors d'oeuvres, a church.
Well, maybe you should ask
Darlene to do some of it,
if you weren't so damn whipped.
Well, I think the
first order of business--
Mom, you're only allowed
one suggestion per hour,
and your last one
counted as two,
because it went on too long.
Mom, some guy just
delivered this for you.
Well, I didn't order that.
Did you give him any money?
No.
Oh, OK, well put it on there.
Saw your commentary on
TV about how hard it is
to find a decent wedding cake.
Sincerely, Albano's
Bakery, Third and Main.
Feel free to mention
us on your show.
Yeah, and that's just
out and out bribery.
It's totally unethical.
And chocolaty.
That cake won't last
until the wedding.
That cake won't
last till dinner.
So, just because you mentioned
wedding cakes on television,
someone sent you a free one?
Yeah, and they say
TV only adds 10 pounds.
Whoa, I can see
my next commentary
appearing before my eyes.
I was wrong about bakeries.
Albano's on Third and
Main is a great one.
And I wonder where I can get
a decent wedding dress or hors
d'oeuvres or a candy
apple red pump in a size
7 1/2 with a low heel.
That's it, my
divorce is final.
Signed, sealed,
delivered, I'm alone.
Legally, forever single
til death do I part.
Hey, Jackie, a guy in a long
robe carrying a big sickle
was by here looking for you.
Go ahead and joke.
You're not the one facing
a life of solitude.
Or uneven mattress wear.
Come on, Jackie,
you'll find someone.
Who wouldn't want
to go out with you?
That's easy for
you to say, you
little frizzy haired Pollyanna.
You talk to me after
a year of marriage.
After you've taken up smoking
just to shave a couple of years
off your miserable life.
I'm gonna go work on
this seating chart now.
Yeah, make sure you
put me between the priest
and the florist.
Hey, hey, don't
count out that priest.
Times have changed.
Jackie, I have just the tonic.
Why don't you come
with me Saturday night
to my ballroom dance class?
Mom, why didn't I
think of that, mom?
That's a great idea.
I'm sure that the
man of my dreams
is sitting at home right
now clipping on his bow tie
and strapping on his truss.
It's not just for seniors.
There's plenty of cultured
and delightful gentlemen
of all ages there.
I may be desperate, but
I haven't sunk that low.
Oh, really?
Hey, I cannot believe that
I am agreeing with Mom here.
You really should go.
I was reading this big article
about how ballroom dancing
is making a big ol' comeback.
So you really don't think
it'd be a huge waste of time?
No more than your marriage.
All right, I'll go, all right.
I'm gonna feel really stupid.
Oh, goody, and I'll help
you pick out an outfit.
Plus, perhaps we
can tease that hair
into something presentable.
Why don't you try to tease
it into a nice set of boobs?
Roseanne, you might
like to come along too.
Dance is good exercise.
Hey, I am not divorced,
single, desperate or lonely.
What the hell do I
need to exercise for?
[music playing]
Hey.
Mark, what happened
to your hand?
He was working the saw and
he almost cut it off, again.
Mark, what an idiot.
What do you mean an idiot?
Didn't you hear him?
Almost.
Unbelievable.
Shouldn't you be sewing
up your wedding dress, Mary?
Is he the dumbest
guy you've ever known?
I work in the construction
business, David,
I'd have to see a list.
Mr. Conner, do you know
anything about wedding tuxes.
I mean, you have
to wear underwear
or are they built into the
pants like in bathing suits?
Oh, David, I don't know.
I don't feel like talking
about wedding stuff right now.
You're still kind of angry
about this whole pregnancy
wedding thing, aren't you?
I am making great
strides in my acceptance
of this difficult situation.
Well, good.
'Cause I really think
you're the greatest
guy in the world,
Mr. Conner, and I
want you to be my best man.
Oh, I don't know.
I know it's weird,
so don't answer now.
Just think about it, all right?
Yeah, I'll get back to you.
You're going to love me
again one day, Mr. Conner.
You'll see.
I'll get back to
you about that, too.
[music playing]
Here we are.
Hello, Agnes.
Hello.
When we start dancing, if you
get confused, just follow her.
The left leg.
The right one she just drags.
Mom, this isn't bad.
There's people my age.
Well, I told you
there would be.
Now let me introduce you around.
- Mother, stay.
Hi, I'm Jackie, I'm new.
Hi, I'm Roger.
Roger, hi, so nice to meet
a man who likes to dance.
And who isn't like
a total troll.
Well, my fiance and
I are taking dancing
lessons for our wedding.
In fact, that's why a
lot of people are here.
Oh, really.
Who exactly?
Well, our whole group.
Ah ha, so that would be
basically everyone under 90.
So OK, well, got to
get back to my mom.
So you and your fiance
have a nice life.
You know, I was once you.
And now I'm me.
So I will just
leave you with that.
Mother, every man
here is engaged.
Really, why that's lovely.
Lovely, listen old woman,
I washed these hose out
in the sink and put them on wet
because you told me that they
were going to be guys here.
Liar, liar!
Shh, here he comes.
[music playing]
Hi, gang.
Hi.
Buenos noches.
Oh, Hal.
Oh, Beverly, is
that a new scarf?
Oh, yes.
I knew we were going to
do the samba tonight,
so I wanted to wear
something bold.
You saucy little thing, you.
Oh, stop it.
Hal is flirting
with Bev again.
What else is new?
Well, of course,
I'm flirting with her.
Do you know why?
Because it makes
you girls jealous.
And when you get jealous,
your passions come out
and you dance like tigresses.
Wonderful.
OK, everybody, get ready.
We're going to do the samba.
Hey!
[music playing]
There, I'm Hal.
I'm Jackie.
All right, let's
move those hips around.
Loosen 'em up.
Oh, that's hot.
That is good.
All right, come on honey.
Want to try a turn?
- A turn, no.
- Yeah.
- I couldn't possibly.
- I'll show you.
Do a turn.
- Oh, my.
- That's wonderful.
Come on, over here now.
Let's do a dip.
Oh, you're wonderful.
What a natural you are.
Thank you.
Yeah, really.
Tell me, are you going to
be one of my new pupils?
Oh, Hal, I don't think so.
I'm not engaged and
I'm not decrepit.
Oh, don't say that to me.
If you had a dagger, you
could plunge it into my heart.
You are a big flirt.
With those big,
beautiful brown eyes,
I could be anybody you want.
But since you're not
my student, maybe
we could have dinner together.
Sure.
What do you say?
Tonight?
- Yeah.
- After class?
- Yes.
A little bistro that I know.
All right.
Wonderful.
Excuse me for a minute.
Is this it, Hal?
Where did Beverly go?
That's Beverly's scarf?
But you're not Beverly.
No, no, you're Carmen
on the beach of Ipanema.
Hello, ole.
Man, look at all
this free stuff.
This TV scam is the greatest
thing I ever thought of.
Da, da, da, da, da, the stores.
Yes, I think at
least six of everything
you shamelessly mentioned on
the air has been delivered.
That is not true.
I did not get the bagel
slicer, the Fry Baby or the 24
cubic foot Frigidaire.
Which is almost enough
to hold the Conner family
supply of breakfast meats.
So where's the stuff you
said you got for the diner?
Oh, man, you won't believe it.
The whole kitchen is full
of free hors d'oeuvres.
I figure the stuff we
recognize, we'll sell for a buck
and other stuff, two bucks.
How come you're so tired?
Are you having that dream
about the giant monkey again?
No, I happen to have
been out dancing all night.
Oh, really, so you met
a guy at Mom's thing.
I was right.
Yeah, so who is he?
What's he like?
Well, he's a guy
that likes to dance.
You know the type.
You know, he's got shoes
and that's who he is.
Well, aside from the
likes to dance part,
sounds just like Dan.
There she is.
You shameless hussy,
you stole my man!
Stole your man, what
are you talking about?
Are you going to deny that you
went out with Hal after class?
He asked me out,
so I went with him.
What's the big deal?
So you just stole him
from your own mother,
you, you, trollop!
My sister and my mother are
fighting over the same guy?
The only thing left for
this family is cannibalism.
I didn't steal
anybody from her.
The old bat's out of her mind.
Floozy, Jezebel,
Little Miss Round Heels!
Gee, Jackie,
doesn't that remind
you of your sweet 16 party?
So you think this is funny.
Oh, I think everybody's
gonna think this is funny.
[honking horn]
Damn, there's
that sample limo.
Well, hope I you
guys can keep this up
till I get back from my
free hot air balloon ride.
You do know that you and
Hal look ridiculous together.
Mother!
I'm not even going to
talk to you about this.
What's wrong, Jackie?
Been out of
circulation too long?
Too scared to date
a man your own age?
I'm not scared of anything.
OK, there's the rabbits.
Mom, well maybe a part of
it is that I haven't been
out there in a number of years.
But so Hal is a really nice
guy, he's safe, you know,
what's wrong with that?
Well, you're not
serious about him.
You're taking advantage of him.
Mom!
You've been going down
there for two years.
You've never even
been out with him.
I've cleverly paced myself.
And he was about
to make his move.
Last week, instead
of calling me Bev,
he accidentally called me bed.
Well, there you are.
Mother, that's not
exactly a relationship.
You don't know
anything about Hal.
Did you know he was one of the
original June Taylor Dancers?
Look, Mom, I know you
like him, but listen to me.
You weren't seeing him.
I was seeing
him every Saturday
night for the last two years.
And it's been wonderful.
We danced together, we chatted.
And oh how we laughed.
You could still do all that.
No, I can't.
It's ruined.
From now on I guess I'll
just spend Saturday nights
looking at television alone.
Oh, Mom.
I'll go down this
week and tell the gals.
And then my dancing
days are through.
Thank you, Jackie for
spoiling everything.
Stole your mother's
boyfriend, eh?
Been there.
[music playing]
Almost cutting my
hand off the other day
really got me thinking
about a lot of stuff.
Oh, yeah?
Like what?
Like what it'd be like
if I didn't have a hand.
Should he be getting
ready for his wedding?
I mean, is he even
thinking about it?
Sure he is.
He's helping Darlene with stuff,
he asked me to be his best man,
he's on top of things.
He asked you to
be his best man.
Oh, did I say best man?
I'm sorry, I got it wrong.
He asked me to be his main man.
Whatever.
David, David.
I've made up my mind
about being your best man
and the answer is no.
I understand.
You hate me.
No, I don't hate you.
I mean it's very nice
that you asked me.
I just think it'd be better
if you asked your brother.
Mark?
I don't like Mark.
That's it, we just
don't get along.
Aren't you supposed to
pick a best man you like
and get along with?
That's not even true
about the person you marry.
Now, go on, he's your
brother, ask him.
Fine.
I can just hear his toast now.
Chicks are weird, let's chug.
There you go.
Mark.
Hey.
So I've been
thinking about it and I
want you to be my best man.
Don't do me any favors, OK.
I'm not doing you a favor.
Look, you asked Dan
first instead of me.
Why?
Do you really want to know why?
Yeah, that's why I'm asking.
OK, all right, fine, Mark.
You tormented me my whole life.
You know, my first memory is
of you stuffing me in a piano
when I was three years old.
You stole my allowance.
You bent the spokes on my bike.
You told every girl I had a
crush on that I had fleas.
You did.
That one summer.
Face it, Mark, you
viciously bullied me
until I was old
enough to figure out
how to just avoid you
altogether, which is why
we are the way we are today.
And you wonder why I don't
ask you to be my best man?
Yeah, why not?
- I just told you, Mark.
- It doesn't matter.
I don't want to be
your best man anyway.
Fine, then just say no.
Oh, you'd like
that, wouldn't you?
Oh, you're driving me crazy.
Mark, come here.
Just say you'll be my
best man and shut up.
Look at this, you
can't even ask me nicely.
Ouch, fine, Mark, don't
be my best man, all right?
Just kill me and put
me out of my misery.
Look, if you're
that miserable,
I'll be your best man.
Will that make you happy?
Yes.
It's good, it's a good start.
Yeah, I mean, we are brothers.
Yeah.
No way am I letting you
stuff that cake my face though.
[music playing]
You can't leave us, Bev.
You're the spark plug
for our little ensemble.
Please, ladies, allow me
to do this with dignity.
I don't want to
end up like Ginger
Rogers dancing past my prime.
Well, ladies of
the chorus, adieu.
And where do you think
you're going, Beverly?
Oh, I just, I'm
quitting that class, Hal.
Quitting.
Yes.
You can't quit.
We need you.
I need you, huh?
You're like a willow by a lake.
Excuse me?
You're like a raindrop
dancing on a window
pane in a long hot
summer night in August.
Oh, Hal, that's
what Jeff Chandler
said to Mamie van Doren in
"Surrender in September."
You were so wonderful in that.
What was your line?
I'll pull the car around.
But this isn't a
movie, Hal, it's my life,
and it's time for me
to get on with it.
No, no, you can't.
You can't.
You're my favorites student.
You're not gonna leave me alone
here with all these old ladies.
Please don't.
Jackie isn't old, Hal.
Oh, her.
Well, no, you raised
a very charming woman.
I mean, a very, very nice,
and I like her, but--
What are you saying?
You're not interested in her?
Now why should I settled for
a pale copy of the original?
Oh, now I can't have you
disparaging my daughter.
She's a fine young
woman and mother
and I'm sure her
credit rating will
be restored within the year.
Please, you must stay.
Should I?
Oh, I don't know,
I just don't know.
I'm not starting
this class without you.
My Capezios are in the car.
I'll be back in a trice.
[music playing]
All right, everybody, tonight
we're going to do the rumba.
I'll be back in five.
Quicker than you can
say, Xavier Cugat.
Oh, Hal, thank you, thanks.
Thanks, Hal, for doing that.
She's such a sweet kid.
And I wanted to thank
you also for the time
that we spent
together, you know.
I haven't been
dating for quite a
while now it was
very sweet of you
to help me get back
in there in the game.
Oh, are you kidding?
You're a beautiful woman.
Guys are going to be lining up.
You're like a willow by a lake.
You're like a drop
of rain dancing
on a window pane after a hot,
warm summer August night.
Oh, Hal, and you, well you
are like the last piece of pizza
that everyone wants and no one
will take because who knows how
long it's been sitting there.
Sure, kid, anything you say.
Oh, and Hal, I just, I wanted
to ask you one other thing.
You know, when we were out
dancing the other night
and I don't know, I just
wanted to know, am I any good?
You suck, baby.
[music playing]